[gcp_vpcflow_otel] Content pack of EDOT Cloud Forwarder for GCP - VPC Flow Logs (#16439)
elastic/integrations: packages/gcp_vpcflow_otel/docs/README.md

# GCP VPC Flow Logs OpenTelemetry Assets

This package contains Kibana assets for monitoring [GCP Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) Flow Logs](https://docs.cloud.google.com/vpc/docs/flow-logs).

## Supported data sources

### EDOT Cloud Forwarder (ECF) for GCP

> ECF is the simplest way to configure GCP log collection. Consult the documentation [here](https://www.elastic.co/docs/reference/opentelemetry/edot-cloud-forwarder) for full setup instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ECF is the simplest way to configure GCP log collection. For the setup instructions, check the  [ECF documentation](https://www.elastic.co/docs/reference/opentelemetry/edot-cloud-forwarder).
```
[[Accessibility](https://docs.elastic.dev/tech-writing-guidelines/accessibility#accessibility)] Use meaningful link text. Descriptive text instead of "click here", "read more", or even a raw URL for a link makes it easier for users to understand what to expect when they open it. Screen readers jump between links by generating a list of them, and spell out URLs.

Author: Yes, that's correct for now. The merge of this PR will wait until there is documentation for ECF for GCP available. Before that, we can review

Reviewer 2: @agithomas : Any of the ECF related content type merge is happening only after official documentation becomes available. Until then PR's are kept in ready to merge state.

> ECF is the simplest way to configure GCP log collection. For the setup instructions, check the [ECF documentation](https://www.elastic.co/docs/reference/opentelemetry/edot-cloud-forwarder/gcp).

Author: Now it is both serverless and cloud hosted
